Updated /apps /clients api doc with SLO config (#4238)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/index.md

| response_types                          | Array of OAuth 2.0 response type strings. Default value: `code`    | Array of `code`, `token`, `id_token`  | TRUE   | FALSE  | FALSE    |
| token_endpoint_auth_method              | Requested authentication method for the token endpoint. Default value: `client_secret_basic`  | `none`, `client_secret_post`, `client_secret_basic`, or `client_secret_jwt`                    | TRUE       | FALSE    | FALSE     |
| tos_uri                                 | URL string of a web page providing the client's terms of service document                                                    | URL                                                                                            | TRUE       | FALSE    | FALSE     |
| frontchannel_logout_uri <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | URL where Okta sends the logout request   | URL    | TRUE   | FALSE    | FALSE   |

> | frontchannel_logout_session_required <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Session details allow you to end a specific user session instead of all active user sessions   | Boolean    | TRUE   | FALSE    | FALSE   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| frontchannel_logout_session_required <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows you to end a specific user session instead of all active user sessions   | Boolean    | TRUE   | FALSE    | FALSE   |
```
